DOCS: improve color documentation (#742)
pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme: docs/user_guide/customizing.rst

        --pst-color-primary: white;
    }

> This theme use shadows to convey depth in the light theme mode and opacity in the dark one. It is thus defining a set of 4 colors to help build overlays in your documenation.
> :code:`background` is setting the color the documentation and :code:`on-background` are the elements that are set on top of this background (e.g. the header navbar). :code:`surface` are elements set on the background with a light-grey color in the light theme mode. this color has been kept in the dark theme. :code:`on-surface` defines the elements that will be placed on top of the :code:`surface`` elements. The folowing image should help you understandsour different overlays:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This theme uses shadows to convey depth in the light theme mode and opacity in the dark one.
It is defines 4 color variables that help build overlays in your documentation.

- :code:`background`: color of the back-most surface of the documentation
- :code:`on-background` elements that are set on top of this background (e.g. the header navbar on dark mode).
- :code:`surface` elements set on the background with a light-grey color in the light theme mode. this color has been kept in the dark theme.
- :code:`on-surface` elements that are on top of :code:`surface` elements.

The following image should help you understand these overlays:
```

Reviewer: some quick improvements for readability. Could we add an example element for each of the variables here? In some cases it's not clear **why** you'd want to use one variable over another, and it might be easier if we had examples to illustrate
